well howdy there I don't have people
it's Bo again and then so I guess we
need to talk about why nurses are just
sitting around playing cards at work
okay so if you don't know anybody in the
nursing community you have no idea what
I'm talking about if you do you already
know about this and you understand that
nurses are like the Mafia if you offend
one in Washington the husband of one in
Florida hears about it 36 seconds later
and that's what happened today a state
senator in Washington was speaking in
opposition to a bill that would
basically give nurses mandatory breaks
and she went on about how this would
adversely affect rural hospitals
underserved hospitals and they didn't
really need them anyway because they
specific good portion of the day playing
cards nurses all over the country flew
off the handle not me I mean because I
know what to do any time a politician
says something dumb all you have to do
is go look at their campaign
contributions and you'll find out why
they said it sure enough when you pull
up Maureen Walsh's what you find out is
that the Washington State Hospital
Association is one of her top campaign
contributors and that in and of itself
means nothing however on April 8 the
Washington State Hospital Association
posted something saying the hospitals
are now warning the bill could have
unintended consequences for staffing at
rural hospitals it's almost like they
gave her a script this is a problem with
American politics now maybe that's a
coincidence but it gets better it gets
funnier she went off script and she also
proposed an amendment that would only
allow nurses to work eight hours in a 24
hour period and there's no exemptions
for like if they're in the middle of a
surgery you know or patient safety
anything like
so the Washington State Hospital
Association released a statement and
says in a surprise amendment to the
nurse staffing bill the Senate had at a
provision that would limit nurses to
working only eight hours in a 24 hour
period and it goes on but it ends with a
flush State Hospital Association did not
support and had no knowledge of this
amendment no knowledge of the amendment
why would they have knowledge of the
amendment it's not like they write them
for write it's not like that the senator
is literally just parroting what's on
their blog I've been doing this a long
time and yeah this could all be a
coincidence really could but I have
never seen anything like this before I
mean that's funny that is funny
the chain of events there that that's
that's entertaining to me because I'm
not a nurse but if you guys look up from
your card games long enough you all
might find that entertaining too but
this is the problem with American
politics there's so much money in it
that it's that easy to find out why your
representative who is supposed to be
your representative it is posing
proposing the the bills and amendments
that they are and why they're voting the
way they are
it's really that easy and I have to say
if you if for $2,000 she's literally
just proposing whatever the hospital
Association will once I mean granted she
went off-script this time but other than
that that seems like really good service
for really cheap but down here in
Florida to get service like that it
costs like 10 15 grand again it could be
a coincidence but it's probably not in
my opinion I think we could all learn
something from this I think that we
should really take a look at how money
is affecting our legislators
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night